(The members are kidnapped to certain destinations.)
(No information is given, and they are headed to each site straight.)
(1 Hour Before)
(1 hour before Haha's performance for 70th birthday)
(Is he declaring to give up?)
(A birthday party expert who found the job of his life)
(Haha finished the 70th birthday party performance 1 hour ago.)
(2 hours before Se Hyeong's flight took off)
(A kid's talent show as a cabin crew)
(Adults' jobs are hard!)
(1 hour ago, he was a little rapper cabin crew.)
(1 hour before Sae Ho's weather cast program)
(Prepare a live broadcast in 1 hour!)
(His fantastic debut with script collisions)
(Working as a Jack Frost caster as a side job)
(Determined to do a good job)
(His job as a live weather caster was a success 1 hour ago.)
(Now it's the big brothers' turn.)
(A totally different situation for them 1 hour ago)
(Their mission is about to start!)
(1 Hour Before)
- Hello! - Hello.
- Infinite Challenge! - Challenge!
Continuing from last week,
- we're shooting 1 Hour Before. - Yes. Yes.
It's Jun Ha, Myeong Soo and my episode today.
Sae Ho, after your episode aired,
- did people say something? - First of all,
people told me it was funny.
They also said the concept was good.
They said things like that.
There were many people who said Se Hyeong is really cute.
They said they wished there's a real cabin crew like him.
- Really? - Yes. Yes.
- Who said such things? - You're the only one who said it.
I think that's what people would have said. It's my assumption.
- Gosh. - I think it's the same for Haha.
They said Haha looked great at the party.
- What looked great about him? - I mean...
How Haha tried to party hard for old women looked cute.
Don't make things up. Nobody said such things.
Nobody did? Not even one?
Stop lying already. Stop it.
(1 Hour Before)
You'll see when you get in the car and reach the destination.
- It's the same situation for him. - What is it all about?
Why did they put on the curtains?
What is it?
(The car gets away with Jae Seok in it.)
Gosh, it's moving. Where are we going?
I'm driving to wherever they told me to go.
So where is that place that they told you to go?
I'm only driving to wherever they directed me to go.
The driver kept repeating the same thing.
Can you not answer like some AI robot?
Give me some clues at least.
I don't know too.
(Frustrated)
This is driving me mad.
We're going somewhere far.
Hold on a second. If he makes a right turn...
We're near the Seongsu Bridge.
We're driving for way too long.
You can tell where you're going at first.
We're about to get on the highway.
I can only tell where we're going if the ride is short.
Are we getting on the highway?
I don't know.
You can see it from the front.
You can see where we're going.
If I didn't come out willingly, this is almost like a kidnap.
(Getting kidnapped at his will)
What's that sound?
Right. Right. Right.
I could hear this sound in the van.
We're at the tollgate.
(Isn't this way to Gangwon Province?)
(It's getting darker and darker.)
(Passed out)
I fell asleep.
I was too tired.
But you're sleeping in a very ugly way.
- You went very far. - Until where did you go?
It's driving me mad.
Your ride was so long.
Where are we driving up to?
(What's happening?)
(Going deeper into the town)
Oh, that's where we were.
The roads are crooked.
Aren't we going to a mountain?
What is it all about?
(Getting uneasy)
We're here.
- Where are we? - Wear the blindfold.
Also, wear that speaker on you. We'll guide you through.
(They've arrived at the mountain after a long ride.)
Please get out of the van now.
You've selected good songs though.
Let's go!
- It was EDM. - Oh, the music.
Yes, let's go now.
Let's go now!
Gosh.
Goodness.
Aren't we at some guardrail?
We aren't going somewhere very high, are we?
I hate high places.
He's such a pathetic loser.
- Are there more stairs? - Is that me?
Is that me?
Look at yourself.
- Look at yourself. - You were teasing me hard.
- Goodness. - Oh, what is this?
What is this?
(Everyone is a coward.)
(They're all dragged in the same poses.)
Where are we going?
I fumbled so much that day.
It's because you don't know what is in front of you.
- It's really scary. - Why are we going up so high?
He's such a coward.
- You're walking up so much. - And they put a headphone on him.
There are so many stairs.
Aren't we walking the same places in order to fool me?
- He's walking up so much. - Where are we going?
- Walking up is already tiring. - Yes, it was.
I'm too scared now.
- It is scary. - How far did you walk up?
- Where exactly are we going? - I hear some drones.
You have now reached the place.
Take five steps forward, and take off your blindfold.
Five steps?
(Walking carefully)
Three.
It's way too scary just by imagining it.
Where are we?
Should I take it off?
Gosh!
(Gosh! What is this?)
What is it?
- Where are we? - Gosh!
What can it be?
It's very scary.
It's scary to see such cliff as soon as you take off the blindfold.
- It's really scary. - Gosh.
- Goodness. - What is it?
(Startled)
What is it?
What is this?
- It's too scary. - I can't imagine standing there.
What is this place?
- Hello, sir. - Nice to meet you.
Hello.
(Mr. Kim Seung Ryeol from Wonju City Hall)
Please come this way.
- To where? - The manager was there.
What are you talking about?
(He's following him like he's bewitched.)
(Stumbling)
- Goodness. - Gosh!
I can't even watch it.
(The Sogeum Mountain's Suspension Bridge that connects peaks)
Gosh, this is making my legs shake.
Wonju's symbolic tour site has now built a new bridge.
The Suspension Bridge is officially open for tourists.
The height is 100m, and the length is 200m.
The height equals to the 40th floor of an apartment.
As you walk on the bridge,
- which rocks to the sides, - What is that?
- The bridge rocks to the sides. - you will get to enjoy the view...
- It's scary if it's crowded. - and be in awe of the it as well.
When I saw the coverage of the mountain in the news and articles,
I thought that a variety show will film at the mountain.
- And you visited the mountain. - But...
- It was you, Jae Seok. - So...
- The very bridge... - The rocky bridge was there.
The very bridge unfolded before my eyes.
(His brain stops working.)
Why am I at Suspension Bridge?
- Before the tourists enter, - Okay.
you must clean the bridge and make it spotless.
- He wanted... - You want me to clean the bridge?
Yes.
(This bridge?)
- My goodness. - My mind went blank at that time.
That must have been scary.
Right now, it's 8am. You have 1 hour before the opening.
You must hurry.
I can't sweep without looking down.
(Until the opening of the Suspension Bridge at Mount Sogeum,)
(there's 1 hour left.)
It's an hour before the opening. Please hurry, and clean.
My gosh, how am I supposed to sweep the bridge?
Wait, hold on!
(Jae Seok, the scaredy-cat of Infinite Challenge,)
(is in charge of cleaning the 100m-high Suspension Bridge?)
- If 1 of 2 ends is cut, he'll fall. - Exactly.
- Right. - It will be just like the movie.
You know how you can hear the wind blowing at a high altitude?
I can't believe this.
(Will he be able to finish the job on time?)
Hello.
- You are already here. - That's Jun Ha.
That's right.
(He shows up with full of worry.)
First off,
I'm trying to kick off 2018 with positive energy.
I've been preparing myself.
It's a fun job, right?
What do you think it'd be?
I don't know. Sae Ho made history with his gig.
Start the timer after telling me what it is.
You can get in the car now.
- This one? - His job started right away.
He did indeed.
I guess it's not that hard since you look quite happy.
I bet it's something fun.
If the staff members look down,
I'd know. The job would be a difficult one.
Everyone looks so happy.
(What a detective.)
- It's not a hard one, right? - He catches on really fast.
(Drawing it open)
My goodness.
Seriously. They are going all out for it.
This is a specialized vehicle for celebrities.
This is like the changing room.
He's stalling time until he gets into the car.
- He's trying his best. - That's all I have.
Okay.
By the way, time is ticking now.
Then I should hurry.
(He sounds energetic.)
We're leaving now.
You guys did a great job at keeping this a secret.
I'm not going to go to Nodeul Island and get on the helicopter, right?
You wouldn't repeat the same special.
- He's eating something. - He's eating again.
- Look at him. - That day, my wife...
made me rice balls.
If I didn't eat the rice balls, I would've been in serious trouble.
Press the button, and take your parking ticket.
Please proceed into the parking lot.
"Parking lot"?
(He arrives quickly.)
- Jun Ha, we have arrived. - Okay.
- It didn't take long. - That was quick.
- Put on the headphone, please. - You got there quickly.
- It wasn't that far away. - That's why they started the timer.
- It began when he got on the car. - Right.
Here we go again. It's starting again.
My gosh, it feels weird.
(In no time, his energy has disappeared.)
The song is so upbeat, but I don't feel cheerful at all.
I'm scared all of a sudden now.
(That's not what you said earlier.)
(It was only 45 minutes ago.)
(Shall we listen to it energetically just like you promised to be?)
(My gosh, this is crazy.)
I've been preparing myself.
(But I don't feel cheerful at all.)
I'm scared all of a sudden now.
(His baritone voice and his build remind of Jay-Z.)
I'm trying to kick off 2018 with positive energy.
(But I don't feel cheerful at all.)
(His whining rap sounds like he's criticizing the society.)
(Master of Hip Hop)
I guess I'm going somewhere now.
Are you serious right now?
- He's getting special treatment. - What is this?
Why are you doing that?
- You did it on purpose, no? - They turned him into a rapper.
- Seriously. - But you don't do that for me.
They had to do that. Watch what happens next.
(Jun Ha is released.)
My gosh,
I really hate it when you do this.
(I really hate it.)
I'm trying to kick off 2018 with positive energy.
I'll do a good job. I'll be funny. Gosh, where am I going?
They outsourced the editing job.
Hey.
Do you know how scary it is to walk with the blindfold on? Do you?
Of course, I know.
(We did the same thing.)
Where am I going?
All right. I must work with positive energy. Let's be cheerful.
(There's fear in his voice.)
Why are we walking a lot?
I have a bad feeling about this.
What is this?
You should have parked in front of the place then.
(His walk comes to an end at last.)
He's there. He's at the place now. This is it.
What is this?
What's going on?
(Jun Ha's point of view, darkness)
- His face is so big. - What's going on?
- He said Jun Ha's face is big. - "His face is so big."
He said that pretty loud. "His face is so big."
- What? - Jun Ha, take off your blindfold.
(He wants to start 2018 with positive energy.)
(This will be the starting point. Where is he?)
(Blinking)
They even put a close-up of his eyes.
What is this?
(Everyone seems cheerful.)
- This is no joke. - I bet he was flustered.
- Mr. Jung Jun Ha. - Yes?
This is a season-off marathon.
(Welcome to the marathon.)
- What? - Thank you for your participation.
(Do you like to run marathons?)
You have to prepare yourself in order to run a marathon.
- That's true. - They gave me 10 minutes only.
It was 10 minutes before starting.
Jun Ha had only 10 minutes, not 1 hour.
Exactly.
- Han River was frozen that day too. - But...
- It must have been really hard. - But people still run marathons.
- Marathon? - Today, you will run 10km...
(10km course)
for this marathon.
- 10km? - That's not easy.
Running 10km is really hard.
A lot of people came out even on a cold day.
- I'm running a marathon? - They are incredible.
(The center of the attention in this marathon)
Season-off marathon?
This is really happening. Everyone came for the marathon.
I should've gotten good night's sleep and prepare myself...
- if I'm running a marathon. - That's right.
What's this?
It's freezing cold. Why am I running a marathon today?
I'm trying to kick off 2018 with positive energy.
(Your wish just came true.)
My goodness.
How am I going to do this?
Hey, how could I clean this bridge?
(200m-long Suspension Bridge)
(He wants to cry.)
This is crazy.
(He musters up courage and moves forward.)
Oh, my. This bridge...
- My goodness. - Why are you sweeping there?
- I couldn't bring myself to cross. - How could I do this?
I didn't have the guts to do it.
You should've moved forward, not backward.
I was scared.
- I... - Are you cleaning its surroundings?
That wasn't my decision to clean it.
It's even snowing today.
(Clanging)
My goodness.
- Jae Seok gets scared so easily. - Oh, my.
- That wasn't the whole picture. - It's an extreme part-time job.
Goodness, I'm about to lose it.
How am I going to do this job?
- My gosh, how could you clean it? - How can I clean this?
I wouldn't have been able to do the job.
Five minutes have already passed.
(5 minutes have already passed.)
Hey, stop talking. Hey, you.
(5 minutes and 3 seconds passed now.)
(The bridge seems too long.)
Oh, my. This is insane. This is...
This is too high.
- It was too high. - I do agree. It's really high.
- Seriously. - I'd hate it.
- Goodness. - He's starting.
- He's doing it though. - I was projecting onto the leaves.
If I fall...
Let's try the best I can.
I'll do as much as I can.
- The middle part had holes? - To be honest...
I don't know. I didn't pay attention.
You would have to cross again to return.
What's scary is that tourists can face forward...
- and cross the bridge. - My goodness.
- He has to look at the bottom. - He must look down.
- Up to that point is doable. - Oh, my.
(He passes the section where he could see the ground.)
- He has to walk 200m. - The middle part... No way.
(He's heading toward the valley, a higher section.)
- You all sympathize with me. - Of course.
Right.
I guess someone has to clean the bridge because of the leaves.
- The cameraman approached him. - You startled me.
Don't come.
Don't come. It's shaking.
It's so weird. Aren't our staff members scared of height?
- I know, right? - The staff members make us...
- look like we're bigger cowards. - Exactly.
(He makes a U-turn.)
- Why are you running away? - Because I'm scared.
- Did you come back? - Yes.
I couldn't move forward further than that.
10 minutes have passed.
- You cleaned 7m for 10 minutes. - That's enough.
Stop it.
Stop talking! Unbelievable.
You keep teasing me.
(Anyway, I can't believe 10 minutes have already passed.)
(50 minutes before greeting the tourists)
My gosh. It's not like I can skip this part of the job.
- But I'm scared to clean this. - Seriously.
Shoot.
Darn it!
- I hate the bridge. I hate it. - My goodness.
I hate it too. I completely understand. Yes, come back.
- That's more like you. - There's a valley there!
- He's such a coward though. - I saw a valley there.
Hey, I saw a valley down there.
You should go. Go. Go see it for yourself. Go.
Go and try to sweep the bridge yourself.
If I go, are you going to sweep it?
- Sorry? - If I go, will you clean it?
Go. Talk to me after you've been there.
Tell me after you try.
- Is he serious? - He wasn't scared at all.
Look at him.
He's showing off. Look at him filming the bottom of the bridge.
He wants to show it to me.
He's doing that just to shove it in my face.
Fine. Good for you, Hyun Suk.
I am glad you aren't afraid of heights.
(They shout together.)
Every one of us is a coward.
Look at him.
He is showing off.
Hyun Suk.
I am jealous of you, Hyun Suk.
Good for him, that show-off.
This is driving me crazy.
(He goes back to his post.)
(At that moment)
Tae Ho can be so annoying.
- Look at him jump up and down. - Don't move!
Don't move!
(Turning around)
(He freezes.)
(Jumping)
Gosh, I can't believe Tae Ho.
- He is like a Jiangshi. - Look at him jump up and down.
(He runs away for the 3rd time.)
You!
It's a difficult job.
Tae Ho!
I will end you!
- You should have kicked him. - Don't come here.
Don't come to the bridge.
You keep shaking it.
Don't shake it.
I am serious.
(Buzzing)
Don't film me!
(He takes out his anger on the drone.)
What should I do?
(I have a good idea.)
(I am fine as long as I don't see anything.)
- That could be better. - Please take me there.
It will be scarier.
It's a lot better when I can't see anything.
(He follows the fearless staff to the front.)
Gosh, I hate that.
I think I am there. Am I there?
(He goes past the part he swept earlier.)
(He is above the deepest part of the valley.)
I think I should stop here.
Did I reach this far earlier?
Is it here?
(He unknowingly stands 100m above ground.)
Let's clean.
- I think I am doing it right. - My goodness.
He will be shocked if he takes off his blindfold.
The bridge is shaking.
- The result is the same. - What is he doing?
How many times is he going back?
- For goodness' sake. - You!
- I will get you! - It's scary.
Is this a game of tag?
(It's 30 minutes before the opening.)
The bridge shakes so much.
Okay. Let's get this done quickly.
(He musters up his courage and goes.)
My goodness.
It's high.
Before I reached that point, I saw the ground right below me.
That wasn't the case anymore.
(He is in the air.)
- These leaves... - You can see below the bridge.
That's right.
Gosh, it's so high.
I wouldn't be able to do that by myself.
Seriously.
That's...
- What are you doing? - Could it be...
You won't, will you?
Come on!
(Come on!)
- For goodness' sake. - I really...
It takes a while to run back.
It's a workout.
(He is running more than he would in a marathon.)
(He must go.)
- Please. - What are you muttering?
I don't even know.
What is he saying?
(Stopping)
Come on!
- He is so annoying. - I couldn't help it.
I feel like I am watching a movie that keeps rewinding.
The movie keeps rewinding.
- I am sorry. - I don't know what happens next.
- It rewinds again and again. - Seriously.
I don't have much time.
It's like a movie about wolves.
It's difficult to watch.
(Groaning)
(He becomes aware of his surroundings intermittently.)
Look at that.
He is coming back again.
He needs to stop.
It will be faster to run the other direction.
My goodness.
- "He needs to stop." - "He needs to stop."
The way back is too long.
It's so high.
(Filming with a drone)
Even on the screen, it looks so high.
Jae Seok is flying a drone...
Oh, that's not Jae Seok.
"That's not Jae Seok"?
Stop it already.
It's like they purposely chose someone...
who looks like Jae Seok.
More than anything, I was worried about the time...
because I had to be done before the tourists came in.
It put me under pressure.
- I bet it did. - Yes.
What should I do?
I need to clean it up.
(He still has to sweep half the bridge.)
It's impossible to sweep without looking down.
This is driving me crazy.
That end is closer.
He is running in the opposite direction this time.
He finally began to run that way.
"He finally began to run that way."
They were talking about me.
For goodness' sake.
(The tourists go up the stairs.)
(Forlorn)
Don't look down.
(He has less than a minute left.)
It was a lonely fight.
(He runs like he is in a battlefield.)
(You would think it's a natural disaster movie.)
(Crying)
- Are you being chased? - It's a chase.
- For goodness' sake. - He's being chased by someone.
They edited the video in a strange way.
(The visitors start to enter the Suspension Bridge.)
- It's Yu Jae Seok. - It's Yu Jae Seok.
That child...
made me embarrassed.
What?
(Oh, it's Yu Jae Seok.)
He is a child.
(He goes on his own way.)
I am sorry. I should've cleaned faster.
The visitors are here already.
(The bridge begins to get crowded.)
You are sweeping because you feel bad.
- Seeing the visitors woke me up. - I need to sweep...
so that the visitors can enjoy the bridge.
(He sweeps before the visitors.)
You are blocking the way.
My goodness.
What is he doing?
- It looks like he is curling. - For goodness' sake.
I said this,
but I am an utter fool.
- I am sorry. - You are almost done.
- Hello. - My goodness.
- It's Yu Jae Seok. - Hello.
For goodness' sake.
(He is forced to take a picture.)
In 1, 2, 3.
(He jumps 10cm when he is 100m above the ground.)
(He is in tatters.)
He must be feeling...
- a sense of defeat. - That's right.
- A sense of shame. - A sense of shame.
You took the least amount of time.
I need to take a look at my pants when I go home.
I haven't talked about it before, but I am worried.
You might have soiled your pants.
You filmed a chase so many times today.
You did it all by yourself.
(He finds a new genre in variety shows.)
As I hiked down the mountain,
I saw someone carry a machine on his back.
It was a leaf blower.
When I asked him about it,
he went, "Who uses a broom these days?"
- They use a leaf blower. - Yes.
They made me use a broom even though there was a leaf blower.
We found out about it later.
- Excuse me? - Stop lying.
You didn't find out about it later.
They drive me crazy.
Let's see where Jun Ha is at.
- That's right. - For goodness' sake.
I have to do this no matter what, right?
(Jun Ha is running a marathon.)
It's five minutes before the start.
Massage your body with care.
I can't believe you told me 10 minutes before the start.
All right.
I don't have much time.
(He does everything he needs to do.)
Back in the days, Jun Ha ran a marathon with Kwang Hee.
- That's right. - He is good at it.
Jun Ha has run a marathon before.
This is incredible. You will suddenly run a marathon.
This is a disaster.
When did you apply?
- A month ago. - A month ago?
I didn't even apply for this.
I hope you will complete the race.
(Laughing)
- I found out about this just now. - Let's go, Jung Jun Ha!
- Let's go. - Let's go.
I just found out about this.
Let's cheer for Jung Jun Ha!
- Let's go. - He is good at revving people up.
Thank you. Thank you, but...
Don't give up in the middle.
- I didn't apply for this. - No?
I found out about this just now.
- Really? - Yes.
(He begins to stretch.)
(He does his best.)
Put your hands up in the air.
Shout out loud...
for five seconds.
(Shouting)
(He is excited.)
It's a minute before the start.
- A minute. - Again,
put your hands up in the air.
Shout out loud.
(Energetic)
You are the most enthusiastic one.
I thought I was watching "Show Me the Money".
- There was a similar scene. - That's right.
(He does this every year.)
What am I doing?
- What's going on? - Put your hands down.
- Put your hands down. - You have to run with me.
Why did you look so cheerful?
The Han River is frozen.
Please complete the race safely.
Where are we going?
I see Jamsil Sports Complex.
Where am I? I am at Jamsil.
They did a lot of video editing.
He needs to know about the course.
Scream together.
Even the number is huge.
Look how big it is.
- 3. - 3.
- 2. - 2.
- 1. - 1.
- He's running. - Start.
- Start. - It's a 10km marathon.
(Start)
The marathon has started.
I'm mentally prepared to start...
the year 2018 energetically.
(He's a man who keeps his words.)
(It's a smooth start.)
They show a close-up.
I just continue running.
(He only focuses on the essence.)
(He runs forward quietly with determination.)
Is the cameraman running with him?
- They're running with him. - Those filming...
are running sideways and backwards.
How can I be funny? How can I make it fun?
You should run like this.
Your gait should be funny.
(Make it entertaining.)
Make a funny face.
- It needs many special effects. - I really couldn't.
There was a reason why it was fancy in the beginning.
All he does is run.
We're watching him run.
Does anything happen during the run?
- I couldn't... - Did you find money?
Did you find money or anything?
- How could I? - You should have fell on...
- dog poop. - Why didn't you find a wallet...
and return it to the police station?
What could he do while running?
- There's nothing. - Why didn't you sing...
or keep farting?
You should have sung a song.
Call out for your wife or tear your clothes.
Will it end like this?
Do you just run?
- I just continue running. - If this is...
all he does, it'll be like a documentary of Norway.
It only shows moose walking.
(Fast-forward by 20 times)
- In entertainment these days, - Seriously.
- there are many ways to edit. - That's right.
I'm sorry, but this is boring.
I agree.
We thought there would be something else.
- There's nothing else. - Viewers must be...
changing the channel now.
- The viewers will be bored. - Why do you show it for so long?
- It's a little... - It's embarrassing.
The viewership will decrease because of me.
- Turn on the radio instead. - I want to see who wins.
An hour remains.
Is there an hour of his running?
What's going on?
Isn't this too ordinary?
- By the way... - This is more interesting.
This is fun.
- This is fun. It's a bridge. - It's a show on Norway.
There are trees.
Jun Ha keeps running for now.
- Let's take a look at someone else. - Why?
What's Myeong Soo up to?
It's so early in the morning.
Where are we going that we have to leave so early?
What are we doing today?
(The staff remains quiet.)
(You should tell me beforehand.)
Do I get in?
What's this?
(He gets in the van on his own.)
Where are we going?
What could it be?
I'm so curious.
(He groans.)
(It's still pitch dark outside.)
(The van heads north.)
(Snoring)
- He's traveling far. - It was very far.
We were on an unpaved road. Was I going to a construction site?
(He arrives where Korean flags are everywhere.)
(A light comes on.)
(He's still fast asleep.)
- Myeong Soo. - Yes?
We're here. Please put on...
the blindfold and headphones in front of you.
Why?
(I can't be bothered.)
(Though he complains, he follows the order.)
Yes.
Please come out.
(He's submissive.)
(Is he heading towards barbed wires?)
(Where is this place?)
- What is it? - What's going on?
(He gasps.)
- Goodness. - Gosh, I had no idea.
My goodness.
(He enters without knowing what lies ahead.)
- Gosh, I had no idea. - Goodness.
My goodness.
(He's at the military training ground.)
(Everyone holds their breath.)
Goodness.
- It must have been hard. - He probably had no idea.
I had no idea.
(Everyone pays attention to the new soldier.)
Myeong Soo, take off your blindfold.
His reaction is completely real.
I bet he couldn't believe it.
(The best thing he did in 2017 was entering the military.)
This is what he told the staff.
(He often wore military wear.)
(He enjoys the upturn.)
(Wherever he was, he always longed for that place.)
(It was always in his heart.)
- Send Myeong Soo to the military. - Right.
Victory.
(Didn't you miss the military?)
(If it's not too late, please accept this gift.)
(He reenters the military.)
(He's in front of what's been prepared for him.)
(He feels out of place.)
He's in a daze.
He stands there for a long time.
(Military unit that always wins)
(Invincible Taepoong Unit)
(Now he realizes the surprise prepared by the staff.)
(He looks around.)
- He's looking for the staff. - There was no one.
- Absolutely no one. - He wants to...
- talk to them. - Right.
(There are only soldiers.)
He's looking for the staff.
(Where are you? Come out.)
He's like a lost child looking for his mom.
He's running away.
(He runs away.)
(Is he deserting the army?)
He's deserting the unit.
He's still wearing a jacket of military color.
- He wears it often. - What's going on?
Gosh, what do I have to do?
(The farther he runs, the military gets closer.)
I already...
I already served in the military.
He says that he already did.
My goodness.
(He tries to get out of it.)
(They hold him tightly.)
(At the same time)
(Another member arrives.)
(The silhouette looks familiar.)
(He turns around carefully.)
What's going on?
(Why is Sae Ho here?)
(Before going to the military training)
We're hoping that another member...
- joins you. - Two of us?
What are we doing that requires two people?
Are we loading things?
Jae Seok must be sleeping now.
(Everyone must be sleeping at this hour.)
He picked up.
- Hello? - Why are you calling me?
- Do you answer at 6am? - Jae Seok.
- Myeong Soo. - I usually wake up at 7am.
I need to get up and go now.
Where are you going?
We have a shoot today.
Are you lying?
No, I have to get up.
Don't go back to sleep.
- I won't. - Thank you. Talk to you soon.
Okay.
(He fails to invite Jae Seok.)
Hello?
- Hello? - Sae Ho.
Myeong Soo.
- What are you doing? - Were you sick?
- I fell asleep not long ago. - I'm sleeping.
Are you doing anything today?
- Why do you ask? - I'm just asking.
(Groaning)
- What are you doing today? - What is he saying?
I have no plans today.
Go back to sleep for now.
- Okay. - I'll call if something happens.
Wait, what's going on?
- Get some rest. - What are you saying?
I had just fallen asleep.
- Sae Ho is free. - I was half asleep.
He didn't work yesterday either.
You should leave first. We'll take Sae Ho...
- to where you are. - Okay.
Sae Ho seems free.
(After receiving a call, he comes out.)
His hair is up in the back.
Seriously.
(What's going on?)
- Why did you come out? - They asked me to come downstairs.
- I thought they had something. - Get in the car again?
(What are you talking about?)
- Goodness. - His reaction is hilarious.
Where would I go at this hour?
- I only slept for two hours. - It was...
(He sees the car.)
It feels exactly like last week.
Do I get in this car again?
(He slides the door.)
(You know what this is, right?)
- Are we going together? - I bet...
he couldn't believe it.
(He does what needs to be done.)
I got tricked again.
(His belly pops out.)
- My goodness. - My body doesn't look good.
(Am I here?)
- Sae Ho. - Yes?
- Put on the blindfold... - Am I putting the blindfold...
- and the headphones on again? - He's done it once.
You're fluent at this now.
Yes, since I've done it once.
I'm ready.
It's cold.
I feel so sorry for him.
I have my pajamas on.
(He's ready to go in his pajamas.)
(He looks polite.)
What do I do? What's this?
(They just passed each other.)
(That's how these two met.)
(He got unlucky.)
- Do I take this off? - Please take your blindfold off.
(Peaking)
Attention.
(What's all this?)
- Why is he so ugly? - Attention.
- He's so ugly. - What are we supposed to do?
What are they doing there?
(Welcome to Taepoong Unit.)
(Myeong Soo?)
(Myeong Soo avoids him.)
Order arms.
(Is this...)
(a dream?)
- We report today... - We report today...
(He's ashamed.)
They so look like two comedians.
(It looks like a comedy show.)
Order arms.
Myeong Soo and Sae Ho,
you have entered the training camp on January 17 at 9am.
It's an hour before leaving for advanced training.
An hour before advanced training?
Please stand in a row.
(Private Cho Sae Ho and Park Myeong Soo)
(They get assigned to the 28th Infantry Division.)
(1 Hour Before)
Forward, march.
(His body responds to the command.)
- Three - Why are we here, Myeong Soo?
The training might be tough if Myeong Soo comes alone.
We train in a group, so you need somebody next to you.
That's why Sae Ho joined.
It'll be a good idea.
(The two of us?)
We're in trouble.
Don't talk while we move.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
(They confidently enter the dormitory.)
(Groaning)
(This looks familiar.)
It hasn't changed at all.
You'll be reporting to the battalion commander,
so change into the combat uniform and the windbreakers in your locker,
and stand by in the dormitory.
Yes, sir. Proceed.
Proceed.
(Sighing)
(You know what?)
- Myeong Soo. - What do I do? I already forgot.
Is it just the two of us?
Yes.
(So why is it the two of us?)
Get changed quickly.
I can't believe I'm doing this.
(They forget about how confused they are...)
(and get changed quickly.)
(Please...)
That uniform belongs to Myeong Soo.
(They leave to report to the battalion commander.)
Here we go.
March time, march.
- Halt. - 1, 2.
You're going to practice saying the transfer report.
Myeong Soo has to say...
the following. Memorize the following...
- and report. - He's doing that again?
Yes, sir.
(He wasn't there at the last military special.)
"I report. Private Park Myeong Soo."
- "And Cho Sae Ho." - And Cho Sae Ho.
"On January 17, 2018,"
"we have been transferred to the 28th Infantry Division."
"I report. Salute to the battalion commander."
You'll say it yourself. Can you do it?
(Sighing)
Can you do it?
(He lets out a deep sigh.)
I made many mistakes last time.
(He recollects the trauma.)
(He did the transfer report at the last training ground.)
(Creaking)
(Park Myeong Soo and 6 others...)
(6 people)
(When he gets nervous, he can't speak.)
I mean...
Goodness.
(For him, this is worse than having hepatitis A.)
That was too real.
(Dazed)
- I think I need to practice. - You have 10 minutes.
Yes, sir.
- Make mistakes right away. - Battalion commander...
Salute to the battalion commander.
- Salute. - Victory. I mean...
We have entered the 28th Infantry Division...
"We have been transferred to the 28th Infantry Division."
- I report. - We've been transferred. I report.
- Do you want to do it? - No.
Do it.
The senior has to do it.
I'm the senior?
- You came first. - I see.
Amongst peers, it's alphabetical order and who came first.
Yes, sir.
On January 17, 2018,
we have been moved...
to the 28th Infantry Division.
"I report."
Stop it.
I report. Private Park Myeong Soo.
And Cho Sae Ho.
- Us 2... - 2 people.
- It's "2 people"? - Yes.
We have been transferred...
to the 28th Infantry Division.
Battalion commander...
(His tongue moves too fast.)
I can't say it. I keep stuttering.
Battalion commander...
Battalion commander. Battalion commander.
Why are you trying to teach me?
You can't stutter like that.
- Battalion commander. - Stop it.
- So... - Battalion commander.
- Battalion... - Battalion commander.
- Battalion commander. - Battalion...
Battalion commander...
Battalion commander... Gosh.
You can do it.
Here comes the battalion commander.
Here he is.
It's been so long. I got nervous.
- Of course. - I remember.
(Will these two Privates be fine?)
There will be a transfer report by the Privates.
Report.
Salute to...
(He makes the same mistake again.)
Again.
(He makes a mistake 5 seconds in.)
(Lieutenant Colonel Choi Seok Geun)
Again.
Salute to the battalion commander.
- Salute. - Salute.
Salute.
As you were.
I report. Private Park Myeong Soo.
And Cho Sae Ho.
Us 2...
(He makes the number mistake again.)
What is he saying?
I...
Again.
(Glancing)
I report. Private Park Myeong Soo.
And Cho Sae Ho.
On January 17, 2018...
(However,)
(he pauses again.)
I...
(The personnel officer helps out.)
We have been transferred to the 28th Infantry Division.
I report.
Salute to the battalion commander.
- Salute. - Salute.
(The transfer report is done.)
Salute.
As you were.
Private Park Myeong Soo and Cho Sae Ho,
welcome to Taepoong Unit.
As you know,
we confront the enemies in the front lines.
- We must be ready... - They're in the front lines.
to fight and defeat the enemies at all times,
so we conduct physical training at an advanced level.
I hope you become the best soldier...
in Taepoong Unit, the best force in the country.
Private Park Myeong Soo.
Yes, Private Park Myeong Soo.
Let me hear your determination.
As a member of Taepoong Unit,
I hope to...
blow the enemies...
"I hope to blow the enemies."
And become...
an excellent soldier.
I am very reassured.
Yes, sir. Thank you.
- Private Cho Sae Ho. - As long as I'm in this unit,
I'll consider my body as the typhoon.
My body is the typhoon.
What does he mean?
Why is your body the typhoon?
- Why? - I'm going to sweep everything.
That was too funny.
Salute to the battalion commander.
- Salute. - Salute... Hey.
- Salute. - Again.
Salute to the battalion commander.
- Salute. - Salute.
Salute.
As you were.
(The battalion commander leaves.)
Why did you speak before me?
He told us... Okay.
(He's unhappy.)
(They don't work as a team.)
You're going back in. To the left in line.
To the left in line.
(Fumbling)
- As you were. Halt. - Sae Ho is not listening.
To the left in line.
You'll move left in a row, okay?
(It means to move next to each other.)
To the left in line.
Again.
Isn't it like this?
Isn't this it?
You'll move together as you advance.
- To the left in line. - 1, 2.
(Will they succeed this time?)
(Hesitating)
(Are you doing a tap dance?)
(They're confused.)
- Go. Quick. - Was that right?
- Are they "Dumb and Dumber"? - It's been a while.
Do they have a combined IQ of 100?
This is killing me.
- Don't talk while you move. - Yes, sir.
I wonder how Jun Ha is doing.
He's running, right?
Is he still running?
(What else would he be doing?)
- Good luck. - He's running.
Thank you.
- Good luck. - Thank you.
He's still running.
I don't know how many times people said that.
- Good luck. - You too.
Are people saying "good luck" already?
I'm going to be saying "good luck" the entire time.
- You know exactly. - I'm almost there.
(Myeong Soo and Sae Ho are back in the dormitory.)
(The atmosphere here doesn't seem good.)
(There's a newbie?)
Stand in front of your lockers.
Yes, sir!
(They're nervous.)
He's really charismatic.
(The vibe is different from the training field's.)
- Attention. - Attention.
There is a newbie who just joined us.
The seniors should take good care of him. Do you understand?
Private Cho Sae Ho and Park Myeong Soo, take off your berets.
Bald?
Take off your berets right now.
Yes, sir!
It must have been really small.
- The beret was small for you. - Right.
Introduce yourselves shortly after the new private's introduction.
- Do you understand? - Yes, sir!
I'm Lee Jeong Min, a corporal and a squad commander...
for the third squad.
Today, Private Cho Sae Ho will be the new squad commander.
Make sure you all obey his orders.
Yes, sir.
I'm Lee Yoon Jin. I'm a private.
I'm the youngest here.
- You're the youngest? - He's the youngest?
- He joined last October. - Nice to meet you.
Private Park Myeong Soo, come up to the front.
Tell everyone your resolutions and ambitions.
(Introduction time for the new privates)
I'm Park Myeong Soo, a private.
(I'll speak casually too.)
(Glaring)
(No, he can't do this.)
What is he doing?
What did you do there?
I thought everyone does it this way.
"I'm Park Myeong Soo, a private."
I don't know. That's how the seniors said it.
Why didn't you wave at them as well?
I'm Park Myeong Soo, a private.
(Hi, seniors.)
Today...
(Flinching)
I'll do my best. I won't put you all in trouble.
I'll be a nice private for you all.
If you could teach me,
I'll do my best to follow you.
Salute!
Give him a round of applause!
(He found his sense back while introducing himself.)
- Private Cho Sae Ho, come up now. - Yes, sir.
Share your resolutions and ambitions.
I didn't realize I was here until I came to my senses.
(He can't concentrate.)
However, since I'm here,
I'll do my best to prove myself through actions.
Salute!
(The seniors like his loud voice.)
(He's regretting how he introduced himself rudely in the beginning.)
- Get back to your seat. - Yes, sir.
Get ready to do physical training.
That's it for now.
(The first step to be a combatant)
(Physical training based on circulations)
Move to the push up places. First group, move.
- Yes, sir! - Yes, sir!
Do the push up for two minutes.
Get ready!
Ready, start.
Count louder!
(They're getting worried more and more as they watch them.)
Lift your backs too.
It's like a scene from movies.
- It looks like a movie scene. - Yes, it does.
80, 82, 77.
- 103. - 103, okay.
(Oh, my goodness.)
(His soul is gone.)
Now, it's the second group's turn.
1st group, move to the back of the 4th team.
(It's finally Myeong Soo and Sae Ho's turn.)
- Get ready for the push up. - Ready!
Put your chest on the bar.
They put it on the bar.
Ready, start.
(Their speed is obviously slower compared to the others.)
(They are slow from the beginning.)
(Gosh.)
Private Cho Sae Ho. Lift your arms fully.
Yes, sir!
(It's like hitting the button with his belly.)
Look at their push ups and count properly.
They're not fit at all.
(Distorting his face)
(What are you doing?)
(The seniors are fine.)
(The new privates are about to die.)
(I can do this!)
He talks so much, and he is so loud.
- Private Cho, keep it low. - Yes, sir!
(It's getting on my nerve.)
(Myeong Soo wails.)
(Screaming)
(The new privates' physical strength is like a sink hole.)
Do your best even for a single push up.
Yes, sir!
What is that?
(He's crying.)
Gosh, what a scene.
(He screams out loudly.)
(His voice from head is realized here in the army base.)
(He might improve his singing skill here.)
It's really embarrassing.
- What is he doing? - That's not training.
What are they doing?
(He would rather not see it.)
Two minutes are over.
Get up.
He's done 89.
- He's done 99. - 99.
- He's done 23. - 23.
- He's done 24. - 24.
I did more push ups than Sae Ho.
- We both didn't do well. - He only did 23?
You seriously have to work out.
- It's a sit-up now. - Start!
(Next training is sit-up.)
(The training to be a combatant continues!)
Sae Ho does it well.
But his moves are...
I got a cramp.
(Their crying continues.)
(All sorts of sounds from their bodies are heard.)
(All sounds that a body can make are heard.)
It's been 20 seconds.
(It's a tire pulling training now.)
- That training... - That training is the worst.
- Goodness. - It was way too tiring.
Ready, set,
start!
(He's running!)
I didn't give up though.
His tire isn't moving.
Sae Ho is strong though.
- Sae Ho is good. - He's fast!
- Goodness. - Gosh, he's good.
I couldn't see what was going on next to me.
- He's fast. - He's good.
(Their speeds are contrary from the beginning.)
(After passing the halfway point...)
- Is he running? - Yes.
It was so tiring to come back.
(His strength is all gone after the spurt from the beginning.)
(He's about to die.)
Let's do it!
I got this!
(Only his answer is at the speed of 200km per second.)
(They're crawling.)
(But they've finished the races.)
Private Park Myeong Soo, come this way.
(Their muscles are formed in just 1 hour.)
(Their kicks show how frustrated they are.)
He's good.
Right after this training,
- all my strength was gone. - Of course.
(The physical training is over.)
We're done with the physical training.
Wait for me at your dorms. Got it?
- Yes, sir! - Good job, everyone.
- Good job. - Good job!
Go and rest now.
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir!
What is Taepoong Unit like?
We're at the very front line.
- Is this the front line? - Yes.
- Is this the front line? - We're above Kaesong.
Kaesong?
(Is this some military joke?)
We're very close to North Korea.
There's GOP in about 10km from here.
Are there mines nearby?
Of course, there are.
Gosh. Isn't it dangerous?
If you follow instructions and orders, it's not that dangerous.
Get ready to move now!
(What is this?)
(Emergency siren is on.)
Get ready to move as soon as possible!
Get ready to move now!
(It's a wartime condition that's very urgent.)
(Getting ready to move in the fastest speed)
(They move outside without knowing what's going on.)
(Distributing grenades and blank ammunition for practice)
- It's a real grenade. - Oh, it's real.
Isn't it a real ammunition?
- It's a blank ammunition. - I've never done this before.
It's starting now.
Thank you, sir.
Wear this and use it.
- Is your call name a "Bravo"? - Yes, sir.
Report it on the walkie-talkie and say "Bravo".
Your call name is "Alpha".
- Got it? It's "Alpha". - "Alpha"?
You're Alpha. I'm a Black Bear.
It goes as Black Bear 1, 2, 3 in the order of squad.
- Get on the truck. - Yes, sir.
(Getting on the military truck)
(He's giving a glance.)
(He's lost.)
(This training period has a lot of mobilizations.)
We're on our way now.
(They're on their way to the operation area.)
(He's looking around.)
(Biting his lips)
Where we are going is...
a place in North Korea where no civilians are allowed.
- If there's no control... - Are you serious?
(Civilian access control line near Military Demarcation Line)
(Their area of operation is right above the DMZ.)
(5km to10km along the DMZ)
If you go somewhere not instructed,
- it could be dangerous. - Yes, sir.
They're on the military truck.
It's the civilian access control line.
It's a place where they can't control civilians.
(Can't control civilians?)
It's not that they can't control civilians.
It's where civilian access is controlled.
I mean civilian access is controlled there.
Yes, civilian access is controlled.
They say no entrance for civilians.
Yes, it's not that they can't control civilians.
(No houses are seen anymore.)
(They're moving to the north along the rough roads.)
(They just passed the civilian access control line.)
It gets more nervous as we pass the gates.
It's so serious.
- There's a moose. - It's an elk.
They can't fool around there.
It's very close to North Korea.
(Mines)
(It's not their military training. It's like they're at a battlefield.)
(They're extremely nervous.)
(They're at their operation area.)
(The truck door opens.)
(They freeze.)
Get off the vehicle.
(Their bodies freeze due to anxiety.)
(Grunting)
- Are you okay? - Yes, I am okay.
I slipped.
It's in.
(For realistic training,)
(they use MILES systems.)
When a weapon is fired, the sensors detect the laser.
There are 4 on the front, 4 on the back, and 2 on the arms.
Depending on where the person is hit,
the control center can make the judgments.
Face me and line up by the squad.
Squad commanders, come on up.
(What are we doing?)
(Training with MILES systems)
(Fight against the enemies and reclaim the high ground.)
Get ready in an hour.
(They must subdue the enemies on the top of the mountain.)
(Their mission is complete when they reclaim the high ground.)
(The rear patrols and the lead searches and scouts.)
The lead will search and scout the area.
When they run into the enemies,
they will report.
The soldiers are on the move.
My goodness.
(Jun Ha runs 5km.)
It's good to see him like that.
That's the halfway point.
- You are at the halfway point. - You ran 5km.
- You didn't take a single rest. - No, I didn't until 5km.
That's incredible.
(The squads move towards the high ground.)
Let's go.
(The reconnaissance squad must run at a full speed.)
- Run, run. - Okay.
Run, run. Run to survive.
- I am going. - Run, run, run.
The equipment is so heavy.
Alpha. Alpha respond.
This is Alpha. I am on guard.
Guard the rear.
Sae Ho, guard the rear.
It's a stakeout.
Camouflage yourself.
(They camouflage themselves.)
(Sniffling)
(My goodness.)
(He finishes camouflaging himself as he sniffles.)
This is Alpha. The camouflage is complete.
(Sae Ho is done as well.)
(He takes a look at his teeth.)
Bravo, Bravo, this is Black Bear.
(He doesn't realize he is being called.)
Didn't he call for Bravo?
No, he didn't.
- He did. - Did he?
This is Bravo.
- A transmission from Bravo. - "A transmission from Bravo".
Report back on the surroundings.
Clear.
"Clear".
Now...
What was that?
(The enemy bomb hits Myeong Soo's squad.)
Hurry up and get down.
(The chemical gas spreads.)
- You had to wear a gas mask. - It was a training,
but we had to put on a gas mask for real.
Put on a gas mask.
The gas mask.
(He learned how helpful a gas mask is.)
(He is bound to inhale gas if he doesn't wear a mask on time.)
(Can he wear a mask on time?)
(It takes him 6 seconds to raise his aged body.)
(Is he Sun Wukong who is trying to remove a headband?)
(He fails to put on a mask in 9 seconds.)
(He can't get his headband off.)
(It gets caught on a strap.)
(The gas is as thick as fine dust.)
(His chin strap gives him a problem this time.)
(He tries his best to take it off with his clumsy hands.)
(Clicking)
He is inhaling the gas.
It was a big struggle.
(What is he doing?)
(He puts on a mask after inhaling gas.)
(Not much is happening at the rear.)
(Yawning)
- He only slept two hours. - He must be tired.
(He exercised all morning.)
(He feels drowsy after eating a big lunch.)
- He is sleeping. - He must be tired.
I can't believe he is sleeping in that situation.
(Turning around)
(His eyes open wide.)
(Smiling bitterly)
(Why is he smiling?)
What kind of a smile was that?
I don't know. I either dreamed or got surprised by the situation.
(He manages to avoid getting caught.)
Eagle, this is Black Bear.
(He blinks to wake up, but falls asleep again.)
Move the soldier on the watch...
- to speed up the training. - Are you sleeping?
No, sir.
- Did you nod off? - No, sir.
- It looks like you did. - No, sir.
- Keep watch properly. - Yes, sir.
(Glancing)
(His eyes shut as soon as he finishes talking.)
He's cute.
(Myeong Soo has aged 10 years.)
Alpha, run over.
(Did he collect vegetables with his gun?)
(What is this?)
(He waddles when he is exhausted.)
Your mission is...
reconnaissance.
You must check for mines.
Yes, sir.
(The worst soldier is at the lead.)
The soldier will guide in the area.
Park Myeong Soo has sustained a slight injury.
Ask Medic Jo Woon Ho to treat him. Over.
(A slight injury?)
Is Private Park Myeong Soo hurt?
He stepped on a mine.
(Worried)
Since it's a slight injury, he will recover right away.
A transmission.
(3 minutes ago)
(The reconnaissance squad passes the area with mines.)
Stop, stop.
(The worst soldier steps on a mine.)
(He belatedly runs away.)
You are injured.
(Grimacing)
A little bit more. Hang in there.
Thank you.
(Since it's a slight injury, he goes back to the battle.)
(The high ground is nowhere near.)
(They hear a warning sound from their equipment.)
Now, you will move towards the enemies.
- Now, you will move... - This is the beginning.
- towards the enemies. - This is the beginning.
(The soldiers begin to sprint.)
(The new privates start running as well.)
They're the enemies. The enemies shoot at you.
(The enemies wear a yellow mark.)
(The starting point)
(He joins the others after receiving a treatment.)
(The worst private is at the front again.)
(The sound of gunshot pierces their ears.)
Where are they shooting from?
(The enemies fire warning shots.)
(His shoulders become hunched.)
- A bomb! - It's a bomb!
What do I do?
Should I get down?
(Startled)
Alpha, this is Black Bear Two.
(Dazed)
Alpha. Alpha.
(Oh, right.)
A transmission from Alpha.
Cross the open terrain and report.
(Cross the open terrain.)
Let's move.
Let's go, Sae Ho.
(Sae Ho runs at full speed.)
(March forward.)
Hurry up, hurry up.
Run, run, run.
- We must run in a zig-zag pattern. - That's right.
You must run in a zig-zag pattern.
Hurry up, hurry up.
(He must follow the other soldiers.)
(What?)
(His gun is tangled up in a shrub.)
(This gun is too heavy.)
(Waddling)
What is that?
Are you running or what?
(The other soldiers look like they will run up the mountain.)
(However)
(Firing)
(The sniper in the mountain attacks.)
(A fierce battle takes place.)
(Slow)
This is hilarious.
(The worst private waddles through the battlefield.)
(The enemies and the platoon leader are flustered.)
(It looks like he will be on the field all day.)
(The enemies fire at him.)
(The other soldier looks after him.)
Run, run.
This is driving me crazy.
(Beeping)
You hear a beeping sound when you get hit.
Private Park Myeong Soo is hit.
(The sniper has excellent shooting skills.)
(7 soldiers on their side die.)
(The fellow soldiers)
(I can't go back like this.)
(We need a hero.)
(A hero)
(At that moment, one man runs towards the enemies.)
(Is it Private Cho Sae Ho?)
(He reaches the foot of the mountain.)
(Is this where the enemies are at?)
(The sniper and Private Cho Sae Ho)
- Do you see him? - Yes, I see him checking us.
It was nerve-wracking.
- Of course it was. - There were enemies.
(Concentrating hard)
(He skips the greetings and shoots one.)
(He shoots without hesitation.)
(They see the target beyond the stronghold.)
(I will avenge Myeong Soo and my fellow soldiers.)
(He shoots without stopping.)
How cool!
He got hit.
(One of the enemies gets injured.)
(Unbelievable)
We have someone injured.
(He's proud of himself.)
(His fellow soldiers are surprised.)
(Wasn't there one more?)
(Shooting)
(He shoots mercilessly.)
- Again? - Good job.
He's a fat soldier.
(He's happy with himself.)
(His confidence goes up.)
(Aren't I cool?)
- Are you injured? - I'm fine.
We eliminated two enemy soldiers.
They may back up.
Help him.
- Again? - He's like a mummy.
He stepped on a mine and got shot.
He's treated.
(Like this?)
- Keep going. - Do we continue fighting?
Yes.
Do I keep fighting like this?
- We must go. - Am I a robot?
I came back to life.
I was injured but came back to life.
Move to the next place.
Move together.
Start running.
(Jun Ha is still running.)
I was in conflict.
I thought about stop running.
- There must be something. - Jun Ha is...
in a lonely fight.
What Jun Ha is doing is difficult too.
(He runs 6.5km in silence.)
Are you okay?
(The bandage is dangling.)
- Gosh. - They're over there.
We'll go around and attack.
- Do we climb up again? - This is the last.
- It's over after this attack. - It's the last.
Follow me.
(They go in the mountain.)
- This is the worst part. - Right.
It's been easy enough until now.
(The slope is very steep.)
Climbing up was very difficult.
Seriously.
Go up first.
(Groaning)
(It's slippery.)
(Grunting)
It's too hard for me.
(Please spare me.)
(He breathes heavily.)
Wait a minute.
(His senior shares his water.)
Gosh, I'm really sorry.
(He takes a sip of water.)
It must have been hard.
- It was unbelievable. - Seriously.
It was so difficult.
Where's your current location?
(Sae Ho gets more confident.)
(Come here.)
(Who needs me?)
(They spot the enemy.)
(He aims his rifle.)
(Two shots are enough.)
Load your gun.
(He makes a bold attack.)
(He shocks and scares the enemy.)
That's insane.
It's intense.
(Sae Ho discovers an unexpected talent.)
(He shoots the enemy soldiers one after the other.)
(Are you watching me?)
(Myeong Soo walks with his gaze to the ground.)
(They arrive near a high ground.)
- They were hiding. - He gets shot again.
Does he get shot again?
(The target is aimed.)
(He welcomes him by shooting.)
Come this way.
(He's injured for the 3rd time.)
He gets shot again.
- What happened? - How many lives does he have?
Did I get shot again?
- Did I die? - He's slightly injured.
Why don't I ever die? Goodness.
He's slightly injured.
He gets injured everywhere.
- He's slightly injured. - Wait.
I was injured twice already.
Why do you make me climb up?
He's like a zombie.
(Let me take a rest in the corner.)
(Screaming in pain)
(His finger gets pressed down by the rifle.)
- Did you get hurt? - His hand got hurt.
(Screaming)
It was pinched by the rifle.
(It hurts. Be careful.)
Don't squeeze out the blood.
(He exaggerates his pain.)
- Did you hurt your finger? - Yes.
- It's too big. - He's exaggerating.
There was no bandage.
Including the real injury, he was bandaged four times.
Goodness.
(His whole hand is bandaged.)
I'll shoot as much as I want.
Let's go.
Go. Run forward.
Shoot.
(I'll shoot too.)
(His rifle muzzle moves in the air.)
(He shoots with anger and releases his pain.)
(People shoot from everywhere.)
I shot with good aim, but why is everyone alive?
(They only hear the shooting sound.)
This is Black Bear. The battle is over.
- It's over. - Okay. It's over.
What happened?
We eliminated everyone.
- Is that so? - Yes.
(We're safe.)
This training was intense.
Good job.
It's over.
- Attention, everyone. - Attention.
I'll announce the result of the training.
Staff Sergeant Kim Nam Young killed 6 and injured 1.
Corporal Hwang Gyu Hyun killed 3 and injured 1.
(They applaud for their accomplishments.)
- Cho Sae Ho. - Yes, sir.
(How did Sae Ho do?)
You killed 4 and injured 3.
- That's me. - You killed 4 and injured 3.
Did I kill four?
You killed 4 and injured 3.
- Did I? - Next...
(He did well towards the end.)
(Sae Ho shot the enemy sniper.)
(He's jealous.)
Private Park Myeong Soo.
(Myeong Soo had difficulties. How did he do?)
You killed 2 and injured 1.
(Surprised)
(Did Myeong Soo really do that?)
(He struggled with a finger injury.)
(I see the enemy.)
(When he saw the enemy...)
Run forward.
(He completely changed.)
(Shoot now.)
(He shot at the enemy without hesitation.)
(His attack made the enemy retreat.)
(What's going on?)
(Myeong already shot 2 soldiers.)
Killing two people is really difficult too.
Did I really kill them?
You killed two people.
He should serve in the military unit all over in Korea.
That's a good idea.
- That's impressive. - He loves the military.
He's the second Mr. Popeye.
(He's the second Lee Sang Yong.)
After such a difficult training,
everyone becomes closer to each other.
- After only one day... - Goodness.
They worked very hard.
My legs hurt, so I'll sit down.
Their bodies must feel heavy.
I couldn't stretch my body.
Good job today. Let's chant before returning to the dormitory.
Then you may rest. Understood?
- Yes, sir. - Yes, sir.
- Who are we? - We're Butane Military Unit.
(He avoids eye contact.)
At ease. You're dismissed.
- Good job. - Good job, everyone.
What? Is Jun Ha still running?
This is a different scene.
I ran 8km without a rest.
- I'd be walking if I were you. - Goodness.
- Running 10km isn't easy. - Jun Ha's endurance...
- is amazing. - That's true.
- It's amazing. - It's incredible.
(It's a break time at the military base.)
(He takes a shower first.)
I'm next.
(Groaning)
(He wipes his feet.)
May I borrow some lotion?
(He cleans his feet thoroughly.)
- This lotion is not good. - I don't mind.
(He wipes his feet very hard.)
(He cleans the floor as well.)
(He needs to throw that towel away.)
- I'm so tired. - He folds it neatly.
- It was only a day. - I know.
He wiped his feet with it.
You're very impressive.
- You're very impressive. - Goodness.
He'll get athlete's foot in his head.
No wonder my head was itchy.
My goodness.
Do you use this?
(Everyone is laughing.)
He wiped his feet with it.
(Myeong Soo can't laugh.)
(He finished his shower.)
I didn't wash properly.
Did you use the towel? Bring it to me now.
(My towel?)
(Here you go.)
(He goes back to shower again.)
(It smells rather good.)
(Sae Ho's towel is great.)
It's refreshing.
(After picking his ears, he feels better.)
Say goodbye to everyone and pack up.
- Okay. - Thank you very much.
Please take care of yourself.
- Salute. - Salute.
- Goodbye. - Goodbye.
Stay healthy.
Take care of yourself. Don't get injured like me.
Your training is over as of January 17, 2018, 10pm.
Good job. You're dismissed.
- Thank you. - Sir.
Among all the platoon leaders, you're the most handsome one.
- Salute. - Salute.
- Salute. - Attention.
Turn around.
Go home.
Shall we run?
(Let's go home now.)
- You worked hard. - Yes.
It's not over for us yet.
- I'm sorry. - Your training is over,
but Jun Ha has to finish the marathon.
Let's see how it ends.
- We watched until the 8km point. - It was up to 8km.
We'll conclude after. Yes, 8km.
Where are you right now, Jun Ha?
Where are you?
(He finishes the last 2km while gasping for breath.)
He made it.
(He finally reaches the finish line.)
Here he is.
He made it.
Jung Jun Ha. 1 hour 10 minutes 30 seconds.
- 1 hour 10 minutes? - That's so fast.
- 1 hour 10 minutes? - That's so incredible.
You're incredible.
That's incredible.
Anyway,
he didn't do it voluntarily,
but he ran 10k regardless.
(He completes the mission.)
Finisher's certificate.
(He's proud.)
My gosh.
(He calls somebody as soon as he's done.)
- Dad. - Lo Ha,
I ran the marathon.
What's that?
- You don't know what a marathon is? - No.
It's running.
Why?
- Why did I run? - Yes.
Somebody made me.
(Do you know who that is?)
Andy Warhol.
(1 Hour Before)
The cold weather continues.
(Line up if you want to stay at home.)
(Line up if you want to go outside.)
(Let's go outside, dear.)
(It's dangerous outside.)
(It's boring at home.)
(It's a battle of "likes".)
(Going to Sae Ho's house without Sae Ho)
(It's a fashion show with Sae Ho's clothes without Sae Ho.)
We're going to freeze to death.
(Sae Ho takes off his clothes in the middle of winter.)
(They face the cold weather.)
(Fight fire with fire.)
(Fight cold with cold.)
(How to survive the winter inside and outside)
(House In and Out)